Name: Tatsuro Hayashi
Student ID: 137555199
Course: WEB222
Section: NAA
Assignment: Final Assignment


Throught this final assignment, I have learned how to validate input value. However this was hard for me and I had to use many knowledge of html and javascript that I learned in this semester.
To do validate input value on contact page, firstly, I used "match" method for postalcode that find a character that an exact fit with characters I declared. If entered value includes any of other
character, input is invalidated. Likewise, I used this method for email input. I create the pattern that input should follow the rule that is needed to enter in order any of characters and number,
@ mark, and dot mark. I learned these from w3school.com and I eventually could execute javascript successfully.

For making sure my contact form is working, I searched how to ensure that request is being sent. I used chrome browser for this test. At first, I opened inspect page by command "Ctrl" + "Shift" +
"I" keys that I can check activities on this browser. In the second place, I clicked the "Network"tab and used filter utility. Then, I set the filter "method:Post" to get informtion about only posting.
Finally, I clicked headers tab then I can check my request of contact form is completed to send or not. Status code indicates that sending request is succeeded or not. In my test, it was colored
green that denote contact form sent request properly. Also, I checked input value is sent correctly. Near the bottom of headers tab, I could check what form data has been sent. When I check,
all form date was same with I inputed as test.

Lastly, I would like to give advice for new web programming learners that they should understand a small part of code step by step. I guess, All beginners cannot write long and complicated code.
This is the key to improve their html, javascript, and css coding. This is because I could not write code if I won't follow WEB222 class. It is important for us to get knowledge how to execute
functions, method, and so on. Also, I would like to give advice for new web programming learner that they should feel fun and having passion. I believe that this is the most important factor to be
programmer. No doubt, there are a lot of difficulties to understand all code. However, feeling fun and passion is faster to imput knowledge to their brain than feeling bother during coding. 
By doing that, they will be specialist that can code properly and website made by them is vibrant. In my case, I am grad to make my first website in my life. I was inspired to make website by
myself. Thank you so much!





